we good check the up Sam nick james i'm
here money listen I'm steady sizing up
the opposition but not killers i'm
watching from a distance it's obvious he
picked the wrong decision your fate is
irregular alliance we came back the ways
that the vault is fitting go hit for
bottom it by dropping like the cost of
living I think about the consequences
like the condoms blinking stop and
listen I'm a boss slow sistant rocket
shit even archeologists either for
selenium this games wrapped up he's
ripping off the ribbon you'll find
yourself call of God if you're not
positioned the flows off the Richter
it's common knowledge that I got one you
can offer this is not a competition so I
can freely went up on the system whoever
claims the number one I'm gonna take him
off the top that this is not scripted I
ain't come to babysit or watch you
infants sitting in your crippling
control my pee potty trained you I see
them soggy stains you ain't gonna poach
piston had the boy laying in the ditch
if you decide you want to rise up or how
to banish from my kingdom guillotine
running around like a headless chicken I
keep my head about me couple good
friends around me London Blair but we'll
start the inning Devon County
I'm an experiment gone wrong speak for
the speech impediment hedeman played
with a Ouija board for the hell of it
involved for girls like me come and get
the girlfriend paranormal activity silly
Meegan all for the sake of ease taking
pitches when I entered residents full
the temperature deficit see your breath
in the mist it's too late to run when
spooks comes they get goosebumps are you
sick sensing this through my presence as
I roll through the whole Knepper burglar
shut up no the nervous I thrive on fear
grows on the dips a big abyss of every
the solver the rest of us live mainly
trying to escape in front of fingers of
death climbing under the grave provided
court's verdict after the punches to the
face just in case they decide you'd like
to see another day or December the third
method question my mental health in the
same picture of a skills you should know
the legend well religious figures war
that was spawned from the depths of hell
bring an end to the world 2012 I'm a
trip that he will never play off shit
you created a monster daddy wanna take
me
but go down without a fight I'm alive
I'm alive I'm alive